tar-ignore = AUTHORS
tar-ignore = build
tar-ignore = ChangeLog
tar-ignore = ci
tar-ignore = .circleci
tar-ignore = completion
tar-ignore = CONTRIBUTING.md
tar-ignore = .coverage
tar-ignore = dist
tar-ignore = docs
tar-ignore = *.egg-info
tar-ignore = .eggs
tar-ignore = *.envsubst
tar-ignore = .git
tar-ignore = .gitignore
tar-ignore = hook_samples
tar-ignore = htmlcov
tar-ignore = .idea
tar-ignore = ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md
tar-ignore = LICENSE
tar-ignore = logo.png
tar-ignore = Makefile
tar-ignore = __pycache__
tar-ignore = *.pyc
tar-ignore = .python-version
tar-ignore = RELEASE_NOTES.md
tar-ignore = snap
tar-ignore = .stestr
tar-ignore = .stestr.conf
tar-ignore = *.swp
tar-ignore = tests
tar-ignore = .tox
tar-ignore = tox.ini
